# Welcome

## 观看

[解决Chrome无法显示本地的\.vtt字幕文件 \(如何让本地HTML运行在Server上\)\_是土豆大叔啊！的博客\-CSDN博客\_vtt文件](https://blog.csdn.net/potato_uncle/article/details/119611593)

 web server for chrome 替代

[Alternative to "Web Server for Chrome"? \- Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/69498084/alternative-to-web-server-for-chrome)

注：下面的方法要在路径文件夹中打开终端

>   Maybe you can do the following (if you have python installed ):
>
>   1.  Open command prompt
>   2.  Type cd your_path_to_folder_in_which_file_is_located
>   3.  Type the command : `python -m http.server`
>   4.  Hit enter
>   5.  Open browser and enter localhost:8000
>   6.  Done! to cancel the server , hit CTRL+C
>
>   If you do not have python then you can install Web Server for Chrome on any other browser . Edge , firefox .Simply go into the [chrome web store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/web-server-for-chrome/ofhbbkphhbklhfoeikjpcbhemlocgigb?hl=en) and search the same . You should be able to add it the usual way.

## 字幕提取

it365 字幕转换文字软件

[https://it365\.abctool\.info/zh\-cn/srt\-to\-txt/](https://it365.abctool.info/zh-cn/srt-to-txt/)

## Courses

This program is organized into four courses: <u>foundations, object-oriented programming, memory management and concurrency.</u>

### foundations

In the foundations course, you'll learn about C plus plus syntax and how to <u>compile and run</u> C plus plus programs.You'll also learn about the <u>input and output</u> features of the language,as well as how to <u>declare and initialize variables</u>,structure your code using <u>conditionals and loops</u>,and organize your code using <u>functions</u>.

### object oriented-programming

In the object oriented-programming course,you'll learn how to further organize your code into <u>classes</u>,
and you'll learn how to expose <u>interfaces</u> to those classes to other users.You'll also learn how to declare certain interfaces to be <u>public</u> and certain to be <u>private</u> using access modifiers.You'll cover the core concepts of object-oriented programming generally including <u>encapsulation, abstraction, inheritance and polymorphism</u>,and you'll learn how to implement those features using the C plus plus programming language.You'll close this course by learning about <u>generic programming</u> and how to use C plus plus templates to make your code more generic.

### memory management

In the next course,you'll learn about memory management.

Memory is incredibly important to the C plus plus programming language.

You'll learn how to pass around both <u>references</u> and <u>pointers</u>,and you'll learn about the differences between <u>memory on the stack</u> and <u>memory allocated from the heap</u>.You'll also learn how to take advantage of <u>scope</u> and use the <u>resource acquisition</u><!--？--> is <u>initialization paradigm</u> in order to keep track of memory that's used by your program.You'll close this course by learning about <u>smart pointers</u>,which are the best way to keep track of pointers and dynamically allocated memory in modern C plus plus.

### concurrency

The final course is concurrency.

In this course, you'll learn how to organize your code using both <u>processes</u> and <u>threads</u>,and you'll learn how to <u>synchronize</u> and <u>communicate</u> between threads.In particular, you'll learn about features of the C plus plus programming language that support <u>concurrent multi-threaded programming</u> including <u>promises and futures,and mutexes, and locks</u>.



By the time you're done with all four of these courses,you will be a terrific C plus plus developer.



## Projects

This nanodegree program requires you to complete five different projects.

### route planner

The first project is the route planner project,in which you'll build a route planner to find a route between
any two points in a real city using data from the OpenStreetMap Project.

### system monitor

The second project is the system monitor project,in which you'll implement your own version of the top program that identifies variables relevant to your system and prints out information about all the different processes running on your computer.

### garbage collector

The third project is the garbage collector project,in which you'll build your own version of smart pointers,
a way to keep track of dynamically allocated memory and prevent memory leaks.

### traffic simulation

The fourth project is a traffic simulation.In this project, you'll use concurrent multi-threaded programming to organize traffic flow through a city.Each vehicle will run on its own thread,and you'll use thread synchronization and communication to help the vehicles navigate intersections,and help traffic flow smoothly through the city.

### Capstone

The final project of this nanodegree program is the Capstone project.In this project, you'll build your own C++ application using many of the different skills and techniques that you've learned as part of this nanodegree program.

## What it Takes

Completing a Udacity Nanodegree program takes perseverance and dedication, but the rewards outweigh the challenges. Throughout your Nanodegree program, you will develop and demonstrate specific skills that will serve you for a lifetime. Congratulations on taking the first step towards developing the skills you need to power your career through tech education!

The videos, text lessons, and quizzes you encounter in the classroom are optional but recommended. In order to graduate, you need to pass every project. Projects will test your ability to apply the skills and strategies you have learned in the classroom to real-world problems. They will also provide tangible outputs you can use to demonstrate your skills for current and future employers.

Projects are designed to be challenging. Many students initially struggle, but with a little grit they are able to learn from their mistakes and build their skills. Data from nearly 100,000 Udacity graduates show that commitment and persistence are the highest predictors of whether or not a student will graduate.

At some point, nearly every student will get stuck on a new concept or skill, and doubt may set in. Don’t panic. Don’t quit. Be patient, and work through the problem. Remember that you are not alone and the problem that you are encountering is likely one that many others have experienced as well. Whether you are stuck or simply looking for encouragement, you’ll find Udacity Mentors and students there to help.

## Reviews

The most important feedback you receive from mentors at Udacity will be reviews of your project submissions.

Projects are key milestones in your Nanodegree with detailed requirements and instructions, and you can submit them from the classroom for a review.

We try to return your review within 24 hours by email.

The mentor will comment on which requirements you passed or failed line-by-line, and provide personalized suggestions for improvement or resources for further learning.

You may re-submit the project until you pass all requirements.

Students tell us they find project reviews from experts to be the most helpful component of their learning.

Udacity mentors work hard to help you improve - with a 4.9 average rating for over 2k projects a day.

More than 95% of students who submit a project eventually pass. The secret is to try and never give up!
